# Overview

[TikTok One (TTO)](https://ads.tiktok.com/creative) is an all-in-one TikTok creative platform where you can access millions of creators, connect with production partners, and uncover creative insights — all in one place. To learn more about the TikTok One platform, see [Introduction to TikTok One](https://ads.tiktok.com/creative/creatormarketplace/help/10039883/10021904). TTO Creator Marketplace provides brands with opportunities to connect with creators for branded content collaborations, and access detailed reports on the performance of their creator marketing campaigns. 

TTO API allows you to access TTO Creator Marketplace creator data and discover creators to collaborate with on Branded Content videos.


## Benefits
- **Discover and engage the right creators**: Automate selection of creators with engaged audiences based on your campaign objectives.
- **Manage and execute your campaign**: Easily create and track your campaigns all in one place while streamlining the processes to empower brand and creator workflows.
- **Detailed, first-party and real-time reporting**: Quickly understand your campaign's performance; reduce risk and drive faster results with advanced creative insights.
- **Create Spark Ads programmatically**: Receive recommendations and extend your brand voice through further reach and visibility by creating Spark Ads from creator content programmatically.

## Roles and concepts
- **Creator**: Any creator on TikTok (TikTok Account Personal Type, not Business Account Type) who can be invited by an advertiser to create a video for promoting a product or brand.
- **Advertiser**: A brand or agency who wants to promote their products or brands on TikTok and uses TikTok Creator Marketplace to find creators to work with.
- **Developer**: Individual developers or technical partners who help advertisers integrate API. Unless a role is called out, all operations are performed by developers. "You" in most cases also refers to developers.
- **TTO Official Video**: A TikTok video that has been linked to a TTO Creator Marketplace campaign.
- **Invite link**: A link that Creators can use to tag videos as TTO Official Videos pre-publishing or retroactively. The link can be generated via [/tto/tcm/campaign/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1815693549459458).
  - **Campaign-level invite link**: A specific type of invite link that ensures a video is associated with a particular campaign.
  - **Brand-level invite link**: Another type of invite link used to aggregate content under a brand account indefinitely.
- **Linking request**: An in-app notification that is sent directly to creators' inboxes, prompting them to tag their videos retroactively.
