# Overview

TikTok Marketing API empowers businesses to fully optimize their advertising efforts with powerful tools and data insights. Through integrating and calling Marketing API, developers can interact with [TikTok Ads Manager](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/login/) functionality at scale, allowing for programmatical data query, ad creation and management, and a wide variety of other tasks.

# Benefits of Marketing API
You can improve your business in the following ways by using Marketing API.

- Business Center: Bulk create TikTok Ad Accounts, financial balances, and manage Business Center assets at scale.
- Scale Creative Production: Leverage creative tools to enhance creative production and content effectiveness.
- Catalog & TikTok Store: Create and manage catalogs and TikTok Stores in a seamless workflow, improving management efficiency and inventory accuracy.
- Campaign Management: Create and manage TikTok ad campaigns at scale, and streamline your ad buying experience for multiple ad accounts.
- Creative Assets Management: Bulk upload assets to multiple ad accounts; connect your asset library and automate new asset uploads.
- Audience Integration: Schedule routine audience creation and updates to consistently have the most up-to-date audiences in your ad accounts.
- Automated Optimizations: Design customized automation rules, trigger bidding decisions with ad data to increase ROAS and reduce operational tasks.
- Real-time Notifications: Receive real-time notifications for leads, status updates for ad review, creative fatigue via Webhook subscription.
- Data Insights: Create multidimensional reports at the ad account or campaign level to view a complete picture of your ad performance across accounts.
- Ad Measurement: Use Events API, pixel, and other event tracking tools to measure the effectiveness of your ads.


