# Obtain authorization and authentication from a TTO Creator Marketplace account

This guide outlines the process of obtaining authorization and authentication from a TikTok One (TTO) Creator Marketplace account as a developer. The purpose of this procedure is to ensure secure access, establish permissions, and verify the identity of developers accessing the TTO Creator Marketplace account. Partners should ensure that all TTO Creator Marketplace campaigns are generated by their own Partner TTO Creator Marketplace account.


## Obtain authorization from the TTO Creator Marketplace account
To obtain authorization from the TTO Creator Marketplace account:
1. Find the **Advertiser authorization URL** by navigating to [My Apps](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/apps) > **App Detail** > **Basic Information**.  
<br>This URL is used to authorize both advertiser accounts and TTO Creator Marketplace accounts. Ask the account owner (yourself, or someone else if you don't sign up for the TTO Creator Marketplace account yourself) log into both the [TTO Creator Marketplace account](https://ads.tiktok.com/creative/creatormarketplace) and the corresponding [TikTok Ads Manager account](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/home). 
2. Share the **Advertiser authorization URL** with the TTO Creator Marketplace account owner and obtain the authorization code.
3. Have the TTO Creator Marketplace account owner authorize the developer App through the **Advertiser authorization URL** (TTO Creator Marketplace permissions must be authorized).
4. After authorization, the TTO Creator Marketplace account owner will be redirected to your App's redirect URL, and needs to extract the generated `auth_code` from the URL. Note that an `auth_code` is valid for one hour and can only be used once.

## Obtain authentication from the TTO Creator Marketplace account
To generate a TTO Creator Marketplace access token, call [/oauth2/access_token/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1738373164380162). The API response will not include the TTO Creator Marketplace account ID, but will include the access token. The token does not expire unless the user revokes access.

### Example request

```xcodeblock
(code JSON json)
curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/oauth2/access_token/' \
--data '{
    "app_id" : "{{app_id}}",
    "auth_code" : "{{auth_code}}",
    "secret" : "{{secret}}"
}'
(/code)
```

Note that to create TTO Creator Marketplace campaigns, you need to provide both the access token and the TTO Creator Marketplace account ID. You can find the TTO Creator Marketplace account ID through `tto_tcm_account_ids` returned from [/tto/oauth2/tcm/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1815693478150146).

