# Process Invoices and Payouts

This guide provides the technical details and user flow for submitting your organization’s invoices and processing payments through the Developer Portal. Use it to complete the revenue settlement process, including uploading invoices electronically, confirming payouts, and monitoring payment status.
## Prerequisities

Fund processing happens after you have released your mini app and started receiving transactions. Therefore, to manage your revenue and confirm settlement reports, you must have already completed the following: 
1. Enabled and configured at least one monetization feature
1. Registered a payout account by providing business, tax, and bank information 
1. Reviewed and confirmed settlement reports 

## Access your payouts

The payout management experience can be located at the organization level within the Developer Portal:
1. On the Developer Portal, go to **My organizations**, then click your organization.
1. Click the **Monetization** tab.
1. Go to the **Payouts** page.

The **Payouts** page is the central location for self-managing and tracking the final stage of your revenue settlement process. You can view and manage your invoices, and filter the data by invoice number, submission date period, and status. 
## Submit an invoice

To submit an invoice to formally request payment for settled revenue, you must upload your own invoice details.
1. Go to the **To be invoiced** tab.
1. Select the desired unpaid (and not in appeal) settlement reports to invoice. There is a minimum of $100 (USD). 

**Note**: This step is required to verify that the invoice amount precisely matches the total amount of the statements you selected.
1. Click the **Submit an invoice** button.
1. Click **Choose file** to browse your device, or drag and drop a file. The uploaded invoice should meet the following requirements:
  - Invoice amount and total settlement must be the same.
  - Organization name on the invoice and contract must be the same.
  - Invoice date must be after the date settlement was completed.
  - The file must be in PDF and less than 10MB.

1. Enter a unique invoice number. The invoice number must be unique across all the historical records for the payout account.
1. Review the invoice details and click **Submit**.

Once an invoice is submitted, it enters an internal review process. The entire process, from submission to payment, takes approximately 15 days. 

**Note**: It may take an additional 3-5 business days to receive the payout depending on your bank and region.
## View submitted invoices

Click the **Submitted invoices** tab to track the payment status of submitted invoices. 

To see the detailed breakdown of any invoice, click the **Details** [**>**] button next to the desired invoice entry. The full invoice shows invoiced settlement and payout process history. 
### Invoice review and payment processing

After submission, your invoice will be reviewed and payment will be disbursed to your account accordingly. Your invoice may reflect one of the following statuses. 
| 

Status || 

Description || 

Invoice under review || 

The invoice is being reviewed by the internal merchant partner || 

Processing payment

 || 

The invoice has passed review and the payment is ready for disbursement. 
**Payout cadence**: Payment processing follows the contracted payment processing cadence. The system does not allow you to freely apply for withdrawal at any time.  || 

Paid || 

The payment is successfully transferred to the designated payout account |

If there was an issue with your invoice or payment account, you may receive one of the following statuses: 
| 

Status || 

Description || 

Invoice rejected || 

Your invoice was rejected due to the reason listed. Submit another invoice for these settlements to receive payout. || 

Payment failed || 

Payment failed due to the reason listed. Update your payment method or retry payment.  |
