# Query TikTok Shop Info

# Query TikTok Shop Info

## User Interaction - Shop API endpoint

### Query Parameters

| 

**Key** || 

**Type** || 

**Description** || 

**Example** || 

**Required** || 

category

 || 

string || 

The data category for which the analysis is planned. As the scripting language is the same across various data categories, this value will help determine what data to fetch.  || 

tiktok_shop_info

 || 

Yes || 

condition_groups

 || 

object

 || 

Specifications for what data should be used for querying.

 || 

condition_groups = [`
`    {`
`        "operator": "and",`
`        "conditions": [`
`            {`
`                "field": "shop_name",`
`                "operator": "eq",`
`                "field_values": ["tiktok_shop"]`
`            }`
`        ]`
`    }`
`] || 

No

 || 

fields

 || 

string

 || 

Data fields to be returned. Interface will only return the fields listed here. || 

shop_name,shop_rating,shop_review_count,item_sold_count,shop_id

 || 

No || 

limit

 || 

int || 

The maximum number of records that will be returned.

**Test Stage**

The default value is 10.

**Execution Stage**

The default value is 100. || 

 || 

No |
### Query Condition

| 

**Key** || 

**Type** || 

**Description** || 

**Required** || 

and || 

list<Condition> || 

The `and` conditions specify that all the conditions in the list must be met || 

No || 

or || 

list<Condition> || 

The `or` conditions specify that at least one of the conditions in the list must be met || 

No || 

not

 || 

list<Condition> || 

The `not` conditions specify that none of the conditions in the list must be met || 

No |
### Response

| 

**Key** || 

**Type** || 

**Description** || 

**Example** || 

result

 || 

string

 || 

Data fields returned from the query. Interface will only return the fields listed here for shops actively listed in the EU. || 

shop_name,shop_rating,shop_review_count,item_sold_count,shop_id,shop_performance_value |
