# Create an Upgraded Smart+ Lead Generation Campaign with optimization location as phone call

This article introduces how to create an Upgraded Smart+ Lead Generation Campaign with optimization location as phone call. This enables the ad audience to directly reach out to you (the advertiser) via phone by clicking the call-to-action button within the ad, or be directed to view a Custom TikTok Instant Page.


# Steps
## Create a campaign
Create a campaign using [/smart_plus/campaign/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843312852800706).

Note that the following requirements must be met. To find a complete list of parameters, see [/smart_plus/campaign/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843312852800706).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width:17%">Setting</th>
      <th style="width:26%">Requirement</th>
      <th style="width:27%">Parameter</th>
      <th style="width:30%">How to configure the parameter</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Advertising objective</td>
      <td>Lead generation</td>
      <td><code>objective_type</code></td>
      <td><code>LEAD_GENERATION</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="3">iOS 14 dedicated campaign</td>
      <td rowspan="3">Disabled</td>
      <td><code>campaign_type</code></td>
      <td><code>REGULAR_CAMPAIGN</code> or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>app_id</code></td>
      <td>Not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>campaign_app_profile_page_state</code></td>
      <td>Not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Use catalog</td>
      <td>Disabled</td>
      <td><code>catalog_enabled</code></td>
      <td><code>false</code> or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Campaign name</td>
      <td>Specify a valid name</td>
      <td><code>campaign_name</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Special ad categories (Optional)</td>
      <td>Disabled or enabled<br><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: This setting is only supported for advertisers who are registered in the US or Canada.</td>
      <td><code>special_industries</code></td>
      <td>Not specified or specify a valid value</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Campaign budget strategy</td>
        <td>Any of the following types:<ul><li><strong>Campaign budget</strong>: Your budget will be automatically allocated and optimized across ad groups. All ad groups must share the same budget and optimization settings.</li><li><strong>Ad group budget</strong>: Precisely control spend for each ad group, using different budget and optimization settings for each.</li></ul></td>
        <td><code>budget_optimize_on</code></td>
        <td><ul><li>To set a campaign budget, set this field to <code>true</code> or leave it unspecified.</li><li>To set an ad group budget, set this field to <code>false</code>.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
	<tr>
        <td>Campaign budget mode</td>
        <td><ul><li>When Campaign budget strategy is Campaign budget, specify any of the following modes:<ul><li>Daily</li><li>Lifetime</li></ul></li><li>When Campaign budget strategy is Ad group budget, specify any of the following modes to determine the budget limit for all ad groups:<ul><li>No limit</li><li>Daily</li><li>Lifetime</li></ul></li></ul></td>
        <td><code>budget_mode</code></td>
        <td><ul><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> or not specified, use any of the following values:<ul><li><code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code></li><li><code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code></li></ul></li><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code>, use any of the following values:<ul><li><code>BUDGET_MODE_INFINITE</code></li><li><code>BUDGET_MODE_DAY</code></li><li><code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code></li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
	<tr>
        <td>Goal-based budget increase <br> (when Campaign budget strategy is Campaign budget and campaign budget mode is daily)</td>
        <td>Any of the following options:<ul><li>Enabled</li><li>Disabled</li></ul></td>
        <td><code>budget_auto_adjust_strategy</code></td>
        <td>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> or not specified and <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code>:<ul><li> To enable the setting, use the following value:<ul><li><code>AUTO_BUDGET_INCREASE</code>. Allow your budget to automatically increase when your ads are performing well and target CPA, Day 0 target ROAS, and budget requirements are met. Your daily budget will be allowed to automatically increase by 20%, up to 10 times per day, when your budget utilization reaches 90% or more. Your daily budget will reset to your original daily budget each day.</li></ul></li><li>To disable the setting: <ul><li>Not specified</li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: Enabling Goal-based budget increase is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative.</p></td>
    </tr>
	<tr>
        <td>Campaign budget</td>
        <td><ul><li>When Campaign budget strategy is Campaign budget:<ul><li>Specify a valid budget.</li></ul></li><li>When Campaign budget strategy is Ad group budget:<ul><li>If the budget limit is No limit:<ul><li>Disabled</li></ul></li><li>If the budget limit is Daily or Lifetime limit:<ul><li>Specify a valid budget</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></td>
        <td><code>budget</code></td>
        <td><ul><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> or not specified:<ul><li>Specify a valid value.</li></ul></li><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code>:<ul><li>If <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_INFINITE</code>:<ul><li>Not specified</li></ul></li><li>If <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DAY</code> or <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code>:<ul><li>Specify a valid value</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
		   <tr>
            <td>PO number (Optional)</td>
            <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
            <td><code>po_number</code></td>
            <td>Specify valid values or not specified</td>
        </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Example
**Creating a CBO campaign**

Request

```xcodeblock
(code curl http)
curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/smart_plus/campaign/create/' \
--header 'Access-Token: "{{AccessToken}}"' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "objective_type": "LEAD_GENERATION",
    "campaign_name": "{{campaign_name}}",
    "budget": "{{budget}}"
}'
(/code)
```

Response

```xcodeblock
(code Success-Response http)
{
    "code": 0,
    "message": "OK",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "data": {
        "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
        "budget": "{{budget}}",
        "budget_mode": "BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET",
        "budget_optimize_on": true,
        "campaign_id": "{{campaign_id}}",
        "campaign_name": "{{campaign_name}}",
        "catalog_enabled": false,
        "create_time": "{{create_time}}",
        "modify_time": "{{modify_time}}",
        "objective_type": "LEAD_GENERATION",
        "operation_status": "ENABLE",
        "secondary_status": "CAMPAIGN_STATUS_ENABLE",
        "smart_plus_adgroup_mode": "MULTIPLE"
}
}
(/code)
```

## Create an ad group
Create an ad group using [/smart_plus/adgroup/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843314887930946).

Note that the following requirements must be met. To find a complete list of parameters, see [/smart_plus/adgroup/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843314887930946).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width:17%">Setting</th>
      <th style="width:26%">Requirement</th>
      <th style="width:27%">Parameter</th>
      <th style="width:30%">How to configure the parameter</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Ad group name</td>
      <td>Specify a valid name</td>
      <td><code>adgroup_name</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Optimization and bidding<br>· Goal </td>
      <td>Click<br><ul><li>Show your ads to people that are most likely to click on them.</li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: When you select a campaign budget mode, this setting must be the same across ad groups.</p></td>
      <td><code>optimization_goal</code></td>
      <td><code>CLICK</code><br><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: When<code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> at the campaign level, specify the same <code>optimization_goal</code>for ad groups within the same campaign.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Optimization and bidding<br>· Optimization location</td>
      <td rowspan="2">Phone call: Collect and connect with leads through phone calls<br><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: When you select a campaign budget mode, this setting must be the same across ad groups within the same campaign.</p></td>
      <td><code>promotion_type</code></td>
      <td><code>LEAD_GEN_CLICK_TO_CALL</code><br><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: When<code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> at the campaign level, specify the same <code>promotion_type</code> for ad groups within the same campaign.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>promotion_target_type</code></td>
      <td>Not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Optimization and bidding<br>· Bid Strategy and (Optional) Target CPA </td>
      <td rowspan="2">The bid strategy can be any of the following:<ul><li>Maximum Delivery.</li><li>Cost Cap. You need to specify a Target CPA at the same time.</li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>:<ul><li>The bid strategy must be the same across ad groups within the same campaign.</li><li>When you select a campaign budget mode, the Target CPA, if specified, must be the same across ad groups.</li><li>Target CPA is only available when your campaign or ad group budget mode is set to daily.</li></ul></p></td>
      <td><code>bid_type</code><br><code>bid_price</code></td>
      <td>Set <code>bid_type</code> to <code>BID_TYPE_CUSTOM</code> or <code>BID_TYPE_NO_BID</code>.<ul><li>If <code>bid_type</code> is <code>BID_TYPE_CUSTOM</code>, specify <code>bid_price</code> at the same time.</li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>:<ul><li>The <code>bid_type</code> must be the same across ad groups within the same campaign.</li><li>When<code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> at the campaign level, the <code>bid_price</code>, if specified, should be the same for ad groups within the same campaign.</li><li>You can only set <code>bid_type</code> to <code>BID_TYPE_CUSTOM</code> in any of the following scenarios:<ul><li>At the campaign level, <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code></li><li>At the ad group level, <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code></li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>deep_bid_type</code><br><code>roas_bid</code></td>
      <td>Not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Optimization and bidding<br>· Billing event</td>
      <td>CPC</td>
      <td><code>billing_event</code></td>
      <td><code>CPC</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Optimization and bidding<br>· Delivery Type</td>
      <td>Standard (default)</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
      <td>By default, the Delivery Type for the Upgraded Smart+ Ad Group is Standard.</td>
    </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Budget and schedule<br>· Budget</td>
            <td><ul><li>When you select a campaign budget mode:<ul><li>The ad group budget is disabled. The campaign-level budget will be used as the ad group budget.</li></ul></li><li>When you select an ad group budget strategy:<ul><li>If the ad group budget limit is No limit or Lifetime limit, you can use any of the following ad group budget modes:<ul><li>Lifetime</li><li>Daily</li></ul></li><li>If the ad group budget limit is Daily limit, you can use the following ad group budget mode:<ul><li>Daily</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: The ad group budget mode, if specified, must be the same across ad groups within the same campaign.</p></td>
            <td><code>budget_mode</code><br><code>budget</code></td>
            <td><ul><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> at the campaign level, <code>budget_mode</code> and <code>budget</code> are not supported.</li><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code> and <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_INFINITE</code> or <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code> at the campaign level:<ul><li>Set <code>budget_mode</code> to <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code> or <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code></li><li>Specify a valid budget via <code>budget</code></li></ul></li><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code> and <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DAY</code> at the campaign level:<ul><li>Set <code>budget_mode</code> to <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code></li><li>Specify a valid budget via <code>budget</code></li></ul></li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: The <code>budget_mode</code>, if specified, must be the same across ad groups within the same campaign.</p></td>
        </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Budget and schedule<br>· Goal-based budget increase (when Bid Strategy is Target CPA)</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled<br><br>To enable this setting, the following conditions should be met:<ul><li>At the campaign level: CBO is disabled.</li><li>At the ad group level:<ul><li>Ad group budget is Daily</li><li>Bid Strategy is Target CPA</li></ul></li></ul></td>
      <td><code>budget_auto_adjust_strategy</code> </td>
      <td>Use any of the following values:<ul><li><code>AUTO_BUDGET_INCREASE</code>: To enable Goal-based budget increase. Allow your budget to automatically increase when your ads are performing well and target CPA, Day 0 target ROAS, and budget requirements are met. Your daily budget will be allowed to automatically increase by 20%, up to 10 times per day, when your budget utilization reaches 90% or more. Your daily budget will reset to your original daily budget each day.</li><li><code>UNSET</code>: To disable Goal-based budget increase.</li></ul><br>You can only set this field to <code>AUTO_BUDGET_INCREASE</code> when the following conditions are all met:<ul><li>At the campaign level: <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code>.</li><li>At the ad group level:<ul><li><code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code>.</li><li><code>bid_type</code> is <code>BID_TYPE_CUSTOM</code>.</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: Enabling Goal-based budget increase is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Budget and schedule<br>· Add spend target per ad group<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;· Daily minimum</td>
      <td><ul><li>When you use a daily campaign budget, you can enable or disable this setting.</li><li>When you use a lifetime campaign budget or an ad group budget, this setting is not supported.</li></ul></td>
      <td><code>min_budget</code></td>
      <td><ul><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> and <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_DYNAMIC_DAILY_BUDGET</code> at the campaign level, you can either specify a valid value through this field or leave it unspecified.</li><li>When <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>true</code> and <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code> or when <code>budget_optimize_on</code> is <code>false</code> at the campaign level, this field is not supported.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Budget and schedule<br>· Schedule</td>
      <td>Any of the following types:<ul><li>Set start time and run ad group continuously</li><li>Set start and end time</li><li><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: You can only choose "Set start and end time" in any of the following scenarios:<ul><li>At the campaign level, a lifetime campaign budget is set.</li><li>At the ad group level, a lifetime ad group budget is set.</li></ul></p></li></ul></td>
      <td><code>schedule_type</code><br><code>schedule_start_time</code><br><code>schedule_end_time</code></td>
      <td><ul><li>To set start time and run the ad group continuously, set <code>schedule_type</code> to <code>SCHEDULE_FROM_NOW</code> and specify <code>schedule_start_time</code>. Do not specify <code>schedule_end_time</code>.</li><li>To run the ad group between the scheduled start time and end time, set <code>schedule_type</code> to <code>SCHEDULE_START_END</code> and specify both <code>schedule_start_time</code> and <code>schedule_end_time</code>.</li></ul><br><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: You can only set <code>schedule_type</code> to <code>SCHEDULE_START_END</code> in any of the following scenarios:<ul><li>At the campaign level, <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code></li><li>At the ad group level, <code>budget_mode</code> is <code>BUDGET_MODE_TOTAL</code></li></ul></p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Budget and schedule<br>· Dayparting (Optional)</td>
      <td>Any of the following types:<ul><li>All day (default)</li><li>Select specific time</li></ul></td>
      <td><code>dayparting</code></td>
      <td>Any of the following configurations:<ul><li>Specify an all-1 value, or do not specify this field</li><li>Specify a value that contains 0 to indicate non-delivery</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Audience targeting optimization mode</td>
      <td>Any of the following modes:<ul><li><b>Automatic targeting</b><ul><li>You can use automatic targeting to leverage real-time data and machine learning to target audiences most likely to engage with your ads.</li></ul></li><li><b>Custom targeting</b><ul><li>You can use custom targeting settings to precisely control who sees your ads. This may limit delivery and impact campaign performance.</li></ul></li></ul><br>To learn about the supported targeting settings for each mode, see <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1847839827327106" target="_blank">Available targeting settings for different targeting optimization modes</a>.</td>
      <td><code>targeting_optimization_mode</code></td>
      <td>Any of the following values:<ul><li><code>AUTOMATIC</code></li><li><code>MANUAL</code></li></ul><br>To learn about the supported targeting settings for each mode, see <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1847839827327106" target="_blank">Available targeting settings for different targeting optimization modes</a>.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Placements and brand safety<br>· Placement</td>
      <td rowspan="2">TikTok</td>
      <td><code>placement_type</code></td>
      <td><code>PLACEMENT_TYPE_NORMAL</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>placements</code></td>
      <td><code>["PLACEMENT_TIKTOK"]</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Placements and brand safety<br>· Brand safety and suitability</td>
      <td>These settings only apply to <b>TikTok in-feed ads</b>. Any previous account-level settings in the brand safety hub will apply to your campaign.</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
      <td>N/A<br>To retrieve the ad account-level brand safety and suitability settings in the brand safety hub, use <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1830112550443073" target="_blank">/tiktok_inventory_filters/get/</a>.<br>To configure or update the ad account-level brand safety and suitability settings in the brand safety hub, use <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1830112569774274" target="_blank">/tiktok_inventory_filters/update/</a>.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Placements and brand safety<br>· Allow video download</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>share_disabled</code></td>
      <td>Specify valid values or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Placements and brand safety<br>· Allow video sharing</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>video_download_disabled</code></td>
      <td>Specify valid values or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Placements and brand safety<br>· Pangle block list</td>
      <td>Disabled</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Example

Request

```xcodeblock
(code curl http)
curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/smart_plus/adgroup/create/' \
--header 'Access-Token: {{Access-Token}}' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
    "campaign_id": "{{campaign_id}}",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "adgroup_name": "{{adgroup_name}}",
    "optimization_goal": "CLICK",
    "promotion_type": "LEAD_GEN_CLICK_TO_CALL",
    "bid_type": "BID_TYPE_CUSTOM",
    "bid_price": {{bid_price}},
    "billing_event": "CPC",
    "schedule_type": "SCHEDULE_START_END",
    "schedule_start_time": "{{schedule_start_time}}",
    "schedule_end_time": "{{schedule_end_time}}",
    "targeting_spec": {
        "location_ids": [
            "{{location_id}}"
        ]
    },
    "placement_type":"PLACEMENT_TYPE_NORMAL",
    "placements":["PLACEMENT_TIKTOK"]
}'
(/code)
```

Response

```xcodeblock
(code Success-Response http)
{
    "code": 0,
    "message": "OK",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "data": {
        "adgroup_id": "{{adgroup_id}}",
        "adgroup_name": "{{adgroup_name}}",
        "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
        "bid_price": {{bid_price}},
        "bid_type": "BID_TYPE_CUSTOM",
        "billing_event": "CPC",
        "budget": 0,
        "budget_mode": "BUDGET_MODE_INFINITE",
        "campaign_id": "{{campaign_id}}",
        "campaign_name": "{{campaign_name}}",
        "comment_disabled": false,
        "create_time": "{{create_time}}",
        "dayparting": "111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111",
        "min_budget": 0,
        "modify_time": "{{modify_time}}",
        "operation_status": "ENABLE",
        "optimization_goal": "CLICK",
        "pacing": "PACING_MODE_SMOOTH",
        "phone_info": {},
        "placement_type": "PLACEMENT_TYPE_NORMAL",
        "placements": [
            "PLACEMENT_TIKTOK"
        ],
        "promotion_type": "LEAD_GEN_CLICK_TO_CALL",
        "schedule_end_time": "{{schedule_end_time}}",
        "schedule_start_time": "{{schedule_start_time}}",
        "schedule_type": "SCHEDULE_START_END",
        "search_result_enabled": false,
        "secondary_status": "ADGROUP_STATUS_CREATE",
        "share_disabled": false,
        "targeting_optimization_mode": "AUTOMATIC",
        "targeting_spec": {
            "actions": [],
            "age_groups": [
                "AGE_18_24",
                "AGE_25_34",
                "AGE_35_44",
                "AGE_45_54",
                "AGE_55_100"
            ],
            "brand_safety_type": "LIMITED_INVENTORY",
            "category_exclusion_ids": [
                "200",
                "201"
            ],
            "gender": "GENDER_UNLIMITED",
            "location_ids": [
                "{{location_id}}"
            ],
            "spc_audience_age": "OVER_EIGHTEEN",
            "spending_power": "ALL"
        },
        "video_download_disabled": false
    }
}
(/code)
```

## Create an ad
Create an ad using [/smart_plus/ad/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843317390059522).

Note that the following requirements must be met. To find a complete list of parameters, see [/smart_plus/ad/create/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1843317390059522).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width:17%">Setting</th>
      <th style="width:26%">Requirement</th>
      <th style="width:27%">Parameter</th>
      <th style="width:30%">How to configure the parameter</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Ad name<br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>By default, the system will auto-generate the ad name.<br>You can customize the ad name by specifying a valid ad name.</td>
      <td><code>ad_name</code></td>
      <td><ul><li>To have the system auto-generate the ad name, set this field to <code>""</code>(empty string).</li><li>To customize the ad name, specify a non-empty string value.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Destination</td>
      <td>Any of the following options:<ul><li>Phone number</li><li>TikTok Instant Page</li></ul></td>
      <td><code>phone_info</code><br><code>page_list</code></td>
      <td><ul><li>To specify Destination as phone number, you need to specify <code>phone_info</code>.</li><li><p><span style="color:darkred"><b>Note</b></span>: To obtain the region code (<code>phone_region_code</code>) and region calling code (<code>phone_region_calling_code</code>) for the region of a specific phone number, use <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1774488637039618" target="_blank">/tool/phone_region_code/</a>.</p></li><li>To specify Destination as TikTok Instant Page, set <code>page_list</code> to the ID of a Custom TikTok Instant Page that contains phone number.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Creative assets<br>· Ad creatives & Ad text</td>
      <td rowspan="2">For a single ad, you can include one to <b>50 ad creatives</b> that can consist of the following types:<ul><li>Videos</li><li>TikTok video posts</li><li>TikTok photo posts</li><li>Carousel</li></ul><br>To learn about the combination of available ad creatives based on identity type, see <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1847839781968897" target="_blank">Ad creative combinations by identity and ad type</a>.</td>
      <td><code>ad_format</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>creative_list</code><br><code>video_info</code><br><code>image_info</code><br><code>music_info</code><br><code>ad_text_list</code><br><code>tiktok_item_id</code></td>
      <td>Specify one to 50 ad creatives through <code>creative_list</code>. The ad creatives can be any of the following:<ul><li>Videos</li><li>TikTok video posts</li><li>TikTok photo posts</li><li>Carousel</li></ul><br>To learn about configurations of the available ad creative combinations based on identity type, see <a href="https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1847839781968897" target="_blank">Ad creative combinations by identity and ad type</a>.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Add product and service information<br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>Disabled</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Call to action</td>
      <td rowspan="2">Call now</td>
      <td><code>call_to_action_id</code></td>
      <td>Not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>call_to_action_list</code></td>
      <td><code>[{"call_to_action": "CALL_NOW"}]</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Disclaimer <br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>disclaimer</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tracking<br>· TikTok events tracking<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;· App events<br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>tracking_app_id</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tracking<br>· Third-party tracking settings<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;· Impression tracking URL<br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>impression_tracking_url</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value or not specified</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tracking<br>· Third-party tracking settings<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;· Click tracking URL<br>(Optional)</td>
      <td>Enabled or disabled</td>
      <td><code>click_tracking_url</code></td>
      <td>Specify a valid value or not specified</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Example

#### Destination as Phone number
Request

```xcodeblock
(code curl http)
curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/smart_plus/ad/create/' \
--header 'Access-Token: {{Access-Token}}' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
    "adgroup_id": "{{adgroup_id}}",
    "ad_name": "{{ad_name}}",
    "creative_list": [
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "CAROUSEL_ADS",
                "image_info": [
                    {
                        "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                    }
                ],
                "music_info": {
                    "music_id": "{{music_id}}"
                },
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        },
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                "video_info": {
                    "video_id": "{{video_id}}"
                },
                "image_info": [
                    {
                        "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                    }
                ],
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        },
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                "tiktok_item_id": "{{tiktok_item_id}}",
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        }
    ],
    "ad_text_list": [
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        }
    ],
    "call_to_action_list": [
        {
            "call_to_action": "CALL_NOW"
        }
    ],
    "ad_configuration": {
        "phone_info": {
            "phone_number": "{{phone_number}}",
            "phone_region_code": "{{phone_region_code}}",
            "phone_region_calling_code": "{{phone_region_calling_code}}"
        }
    }
}'
(/code)
```

Response

```xcodeblock
(code Success-Response http)
{
    "code": 0,
    "message": "OK",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "data": {
        "ad_configuration": {
            "dark_post_status": "OFF",
            "phone_info": {
                "phone_number": "{{phone_number}}",
                "phone_region_calling_code": "{{phone_region_calling_code}}",
                "phone_region_code": "{{phone_region_code}}"
            },
            "tracking_info": {},
            "utm_params": []
        },
        "ad_name": "{{ad_name}}",
        "ad_text_list": [
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            }
        ],
        "adgroup_id": "{{adgroup_id}}",
        "adgroup_name": "{{adgroup_name}}",
        "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
        "auto_message_list": [],
        "call_to_action_list": [
            {
                "call_to_action": "CALL_NOW"
            }
        ],
        "campaign_id": "{{campaign_id}}",
        "campaign_name": "{{campaign_name}}",
        "create_time": "{{create_time}}",
        "creative_list": [
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "image_info": [
                        {
                            "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                        }
                    ],
                    "material_name": "",
                    "video_info": {
                        "file_name": "",
                        "video_id": "{{video_id}}"
                    }
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            },
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "tiktok_item_id": "{{tiktok_item_id}}"
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            },
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "CAROUSEL_ADS",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "image_info": [
                        {
                            "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                        }
                    ],
                    "material_name": "{{material_name}}",
                    "music_info": {
                        "music_id": "{{music_id}}"
                    }
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            }
        ],
        "deeplink_list": [],
        "interactive_add_on_list": [],
        "landing_page_url_list": [],
        "modify_time": "{{modify_time}}",
        "operation_status": "ENABLE",
        "page_list": [],
        "secondary_status": "AD_STATUS_AUDIT",
        "smart_plus_ad_id": "{{smart_plus_ad_id}}"
    }
}
(/code)
```

#### Destination as TikTok Instant Page

Request

```xcodeblock
(code curl http)
curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/smart_plus/ad/create/' \
--header 'Access-Token: {{Access-Token}}' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
    "adgroup_id": "{{adgroup_id}}",
    "ad_name": "{{ad_name}}",
    "creative_list": [
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "CAROUSEL_ADS",
                "image_info": [
                    {
                        "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                    }
                ],
                "music_info": {
                    "music_id": "{{music_id}}"
                },
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        },
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                "video_info": {
                    "video_id": "{{video_id}}"
                },
                "image_info": [
                    {
                        "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                    }
                ],
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        },
        {
            "creative_info": {
                "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                "tiktok_item_id": "{{tiktok_item_id}}",
                "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}"
            }
        }
    ],
    "ad_text_list": [
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        },
        {
            "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
        }
    ],
    "page_list": [
        {
            "page_id": "{{page_id}}"
        }
    ],
    "call_to_action_list": [
        {
            "call_to_action": "CALL_NOW"
        }
    ]
}'
(/code)
```

Response

```xcodeblock
(code Success-Response http)
{
    "code": 0,
    "message": "OK",
    "request_id": "{{request_id}}",
    "data": {
        "ad_configuration": {
            "phone_info": {},
            "tracking_info": {},
            "utm_params": []
        },
        "ad_name": "{{ad_name}}",
        "ad_text_list": [
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            },
            {
                "ad_text": "{{ad_text}}"
            }
        ],
        "adgroup_id": "{{adgroup_id}}",
        "adgroup_name": "{{adgroup_name}}",
        "advertiser_id": "{{advertiser_id}}",
        "auto_message_list": [],
        "call_to_action_list": [
            {
                "call_to_action": "CALL_NOW"
            }
        ],
        "campaign_id": "{{campaign_id}}",
        "campaign_name": "{{campaign_name}}",
        "create_time": "{{create_time}}",
        "creative_.list": [
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "image_info": [
                        {
                            "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                        }
                    ],
                    "material_name": "",
                    "video_info": {
                        "file_name": "",
                        "video_id": "{{video_id}}"
                    }
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            },
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "SINGLE_VIDEO",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "tiktok_item_id": "{{tiktok_item_id}}"
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            },
            {
                "ad_material_id": "{{ad_material_id}}",
                "creative_info": {
                    "ad_format": "CAROUSEL_ADS",
                    "identity_id": "{{identity_id}}",
                    "identity_type": "TT_USER",
                    "image_info": [
                        {
                            "web_uri": "{{web_uri}}"
                        }
                    ],
                    "material_name": "{{material_name}}",
                    "music_info": {
                        "music_id": "{{music_id}}"
                    }
                },
                "material_operation_status": "ENABLE"
            }
        ],
        "deeplink_list": [],
        "interactive_add_on_list": [],
        "landing_page_url_list": [],
        "modify_time": "{{modify_time}}",
        "operation_status": "ENABLE",
        "page_list": [
            {
                "page_id": "{{page_id}}"
            }
        ],
        "secondary_status": "AD_STATUS_AUDIT",
        "smart_plus_ad_id": "{{smart_plus_ad_id}}"
    }
}
(/code)
```

