# Versioning

The latest version for TikTok API For Business is v1.3. 

TikTok API For Business v1.3 is now available starting from August 15, 2022, and developers have one year to migrate v1.2 to v1.3.  After August 15, 2023, no new updates or support will be provided on v1.2. To avoid disruption to your business, we highly recommend that you migrate all calls to TikTok API for Business v1.3 as soon as possible. **To learn more about v1.3 major updates, please visit [here](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1740579480076290).**

**How does versioning work?**

We introduce breaking changes on the newer version of the API, while no breaking changes are made on older versions. Developers will be given a time period to adopt or move to the latest version (For example, we give our developers a year to migrate from v1.2 to v1.3). After the given time of period, previous versions of the API will be deprecated and any calls made to the deprecated API will fail.

**When is the timeline for each version?**

See [Timelines](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1740578661644289).


**How will you handle adding new features to the TikTok API for Business?**

After the v1.3 release, no further updates would be made in v1.2 anymore. All new feature updates will be made in v1.3 going forward.

**How will versions be reflected in the documentation?**

You can use the dropdown menu at the top right corner of the page to view v1.2 and v1.3 API documentation. v1.2 documentation is marked as deprecated in line with the deprecation of the v1.2 API in August 2023.

**Do I have to re-apply for the API scope of permissions when migrating from v1.2 to v1.3?**

No, you don't have to if you already have the scope of permissions for certain API groups. The scope of permissions that you've enabled for v1.2 endpoints also works for v1.3 under the same API groups (e.g. Ads Management). See [v1.3 major updates - URL updates](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1740579480076290) to find a list of updated URLs in v1.3. 


**Do I have to re-apply for allowlisting when migrating from v1.2 to v1.3?**

No, you don't have to if you already have access to the allowlist-only features in v1.2. After you migrate to v1.3, you can directly use these features.
