# TikTok’s Politics, Governments, and Elections Advertising Policy

All businesses advertising on TikTok must comply with our politics, governments, and elections advertising policy.

# What is TikTok's Politics, Governments, and Elections Advertising Policy?
On TikTok, our community can share political content organically as long as it's in line with our [Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines/en/). However, we do not allow paid political advertising because the nature of political ads is not something we believe fits the TikTok experience. In addition to our paid political advertising policy, we prohibit advertising of any kind by political figures and entities.

Governmental and intergovernmental entities are eligible to advertise on TikTok, provided they work directly with a TikTok sales representative, complete our certification process, and follow all platform policies, including our government advertising policy.

Only official entities responsible for overseeing elections are eligible to advertise about elections or referendums. References to an upcoming or current election or referenda, including appeals for votes, voter registration, and promoting participation, are prohibited for all other advertisers.

<br>See [TikTok’s Politics, Governments, and Elections Advertising Policy](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-politics-government-and-elections) for more details. 

# What do I need to do

Please remind your advertisers to visit [TikTok Ads Manager](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/) to certify compliance with our Politics, Governments, and Elections Advertising Policy by **January 10th, 2026**. 

If you want to check out the user information of your advertiser(for example, their email and core user ID), use [/user/info/](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1739665513181185). 

If your advertisers do not complete this compliance certification process by January 10th, 2026, developers might not be able to perform any operations for their TikTok for Business user accounts through our API. Please work with the advertiser to complete the certification process as soon as possible to continue your API operations. We encourage you to complete the confirmation as soon as possible.
