# TikTok’s Anti-Discrimination Ad Policy

All businesses advertising on TikTok must comply with our anti-discrimination policy. 

# What is TikTok's Anti-Discrimination Ad Policy?
Personalized advertising ensures that both brands and users can connect in ways that are more relevant and effective. When advertisers use ad products, such as custom audiences, behavior, or interest-based targeting, we require that they follow our policies and standards for targeting ad campaigns so that they are also non-discriminatory.<br>
- TikTok prohibits advertisers from using our ads products to discriminate against people unlawfully. Accordingly, advertisers may not include any unlawfully discriminatory or harassing content in their advertising or any content that encourages unlawful discrimination or harassment.<br>
- In addition, advertisers may not use audience selection tools to: (a) wrongfully target specific groups of people for advertising in a way that breaches applicable laws or regulations; or (b) wrongfully exclude specific groups of people from seeing their ads, in breach of applicable laws or regulations.

<br>See [TikTok’s Anti-Discrimination Ad Policy](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-anti-discrimination-ad-policy) for more details. 

# What do I need to do

Please remind your advertisers to visit[ TikTok Ads Manager](https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/) to certify compliance with our Anti-Discrimination Ads Policy by **Sep.1st, 2023**. If applicable, they will also need to certify compliance with Housing Employment and Credit (HEC) requirements. <br>

If you want to check out the user information of your advertiser(for example, their email and core user id), use [/user/info/](https://ads.tiktok.com/marketing_api/docs?id=1739665513181185&rid=122nmjgatwro). <br>

If your advertisers do not complete this compliance certification process by Sep.1st, 2023, developers will not be able to perform any operations for their TikTok for Business user accounts through our API. Please work with the advertiser to complete the certification process as soon as possible to continue your API operations.
